Welcome back.
Let's use snapshot testing to test some of these other simple presentational components that are completely
stateless.
Since we saw how easy that is.
So let me make this a little bit smaller and make sure we on NPM test to have it running in the background
we see that our test or our car component is being tested now.
So let's create another one let's create a test for the car list component.
Now I'm going to remove the console log here because we don't need it and let's create a car list dot
test file so a card list dot test dot J.S.
and again it's failing because we need to make sure we have at least a single test we can actually go
back to card dot test us and just copy and paste this go to car list component.
Copy and paste whatever we had and just change our component to cordless so let's just do that quickly
we can just select all of these and say card list.
Let me save and we have some fails here.
Let's see why we see that we get a type error cannot read property map of undefined and that is because
card list you see card component is just rendering name and email but it's not doing anything to it.
So if it doesn't get name in email I'll just render undefined when we go to card list.
We see that we're actually receiving the robots and we need to map over them.
But in our test we're a rendering card or.
Let's go to car list.
I'm going to close this.
So we don't get confused.
We're not passing down robots.
So in this test when we try and render card lists it's going to fail because there's no robots to map
over.
So let's fix that all we need to do here is just mock our robots so we can just say const robots or
let's just say mock robots is going to equal an array of some dummy data that we can create.
So let's say that this is going to have an I.D. of one and we'll have the name of John Snow
let's say user name is going to be John John and let's say that email.
I don't think we're using your user name but I wanted to give that user name anyway.
It is going to be John at gmail dot com now.
We can just pass our mock robots
as the robots
so let's see if that works.
I'm going to save all right.
And we have our tests passing and if we go to our snapshot we see that we have a card list snapshot
as well.
That's good.
Our tests failed because we weren't passing robots and while we want to make sure that we actually pass
those properties and you can imagine you can probably do the same thing with card as well or maybe have
a default in this component where if you don't receive name email and I.D. that it has some sort of
an error boundary or an output that it does for the user.
We now see the power of snapshot testing we see how we can mock some of our properties and you might
want to just go ahead and do snapshot testing for some of these other cases that are quite simple to
do to increase our test coverage.
And I'm going to leave that up to you because well just to give you a bit of extra practice so let's
move on to the next video where we do some things that are a little bit more difficult but just the
check.
Let's do our coverage to make sure that our coverage for the car list is now looking good to make this
a little bit bigger and we see that.
Yep.
Look at that.
Feels good getting 100 percent doesn't it.
Carla's component is now well tested as well I'll see in the next one Bye.